What I'm about to show you is how I have
an army of AI agents working for me in
Discord 24 hours a day, seven days a
week, all autonomously running my
business and making me money. They're
building me apps. They're writing me
scripts. They're researching
competitors. They're finding trending
content. They're researching me stocks
to invest in an AI all autonomously, all
without any oversight needed, just
producing value non-stop. In this video,
I'm going to show you how to do the
exact same thing. I have been using
OpenClaw for over a 100 hours the last
month and I promise you this is the most
comprehensive multi- aent workflow
you'll ever see. When you integrate
OpenClaw into Discord, you're basically
able to create a multi- aent operating
system that is constantly producing
value for you autonomously. It's going
to save you time and potentially even
make you money. By the end of the video,
you'll have your entire multi- aent
workflow set up for you. And I'll also
answer all of these questions for you.
How do you set up OpenClaw and Discord?
How do you create a six agent system
that are all doing different things in
parallel? Which model should you be
using for each? Should you be using
local models? Can you even use local
models with your current device? How do
you make the agents proactive? How do
you set up a dashboard so you can
monitor your agents? How much would this
all cost? How do you improve your
security for your OpenC? And what use
cases can you set up today to get
maximum impact? That will all be
answered by the end of this video. Now,
let's lock in and get into it. So, it
turns out Discord has been the most
powerful way to actually interface with
OpenClaw out of all of them. The reason
being is you can set up these really
advanced workflows where you have
multiple channels set up and agents in
each channel doing different things for
you. This is impossible in Telegram or
iMessage or WhatsApp. It is only
possible in Discord. And be quite honest
with you, before this, I absolutely
hated Discord. I thought it was the
worst app ever. But I'm going to be
honest, I think Discord was built for
OpenClaw. I think Discord was made with
multi- aent setups in mind because this
is really amazing what I'm about to show
you. What I'm going to go through first
is my actual Discord setup, a bunch of
the workflows going through this, and
then I'm going to show you how to set it
up all yourself. I'm going to talk about
what's necessary, how to set it up, what
the cost would be, which models you
should use, all of that. So, let's first
quickly go through my workflows. There's
going to be a lot of different chapters
down below, so feel free to skip around
at any point and get to the parts you're
interested in, but let me go through my
workflow first. First, the structure my
Discord. There's a few different
sections here that are really important.
First is the normal text channels. These
are kind of where the automated flows
happen. When my agents do research, they
will drop off information in one of
these channels and then that will kick
off a workflow where another agent from
another channel grabs something. So, for
instance, check this out. In my alerts
channel, I have an agent that every two
hours goes and finds me tweets that are
starting to trend. These are tweets
specifically in my niche. So, vibe
coding, openclaw, AI. Anytime a tweet is
made that is starting to trend and pick
up, it brings me a list of those tweets
that are starting to trend. This kicks
off a really deep and complex workflow,
which I'll get into, but this is a
really important piece of information,
these trending tweets. The number one
way to go viral on X, is to talk about
things that are trending, is to talk
about the things that people care about.
And the only way you're going to know
what the people care about and what's
trending is if you get alerted when
things start to get on fire. The issue
is is that the main feed on X can get
crowded and busy and have a lot of
political slop. So, I like having this
alert system where the agent brings me
trending tweets. And again, I'll go over
how to set this up step by step by step
so you can do the exact same thing. But
just to show you how it all works, after
I get the alerts, I have another agent
come in and research the stories behind
the tweet. So, it goes, "Okay,
interesting. someone's talking about a
brand new anthropic model or a brand new
open AI model. It researches the story,
tells me what's going on, and gives me
different angles I can take on it. So,
what the interesting parts of each story
might be. Once Henry drops in these
research stories, I have another AI
agent, Quill, come in, take each one of
those stories, and then write me scripts
for each one of those stories. So,
YouTube scripts, potentially be tweets,
anything like that. It writes entire
scripts in my own voice based on my
other YouTube videos about those
stories. Then from there I can go in,
read the scripts and actually react. I
can say yes, this looks good and leave a
check mark or no, it doesn't look good
and leave an X based on my feedback. It
starts to train the model on what I like
and what I don't like. So the scripts I
get moving forward are more relevant to
me. Then from there, the moment I
approve a script, it actually spins up
another AI agent that gives me thumbnail
concepts for that video. So, I chose a
script I like and then another AI agent
spins up and gives me the exact
thumbnail concepts I could use. Now,
they're all in text. What I typically do
from this point is feed it into Gemini,
feed it into Nano Banana Pro, and get
the thumbnail made. Eventually, I'm
going to have a system set up, which
will be pretty easy, honestly, to hook
this into the Nano Banana API. So, it'll
just create the thumbnails for me and
drop them off here. But my other AI
agent pixel goes in and gets me these
thumbnails based on which scripts I
approve of. And this reduced my entire
content creation time from like 3 hours
of research down to like 5 minutes. It's
given me unbelievable leverage and freed
up a ton of time where I can go and do
other things I enjoy like tinkering and
building. But there's a whole lot of
other things going on in this world.
This isn't just for content creators.
There's a whole lot of other things
going on here as well. For instance, I
have a stock research channel. Every
morning at 7:00 a.m., I have an AI agent
spun up that goes and researches stocks
I'm interested in. So, I gave it a
description of what type of stocks I'm
looking for. I'm looking for companies
that are going to be involved with the
AI buildout over the next 10 years that
are creating hardware that's going to be
a bottleneck for the AI industry. So,
things like memory and GPUs and chips
and things like that. And every morning
I get a research report at 7:30 a.m.
that shows me the companies that are a
part of these bottlenecks and part of
the buildout and all the news on those
companies. This is like my stock
researcher agent and it's completely
automated. I used to spend hours a week
doing this research completely freed up
100% automated. Now I'm all caught up on
the news and what companies I should be
investing in. And this is totally
customizable. Maybe you don't care about
the AI buildout. That's totally fine.
And you can say, "Hey, research me
dividend stocks or research me financial
stocks, whatever you want. Research meme
stocks. It doesn't matter. You can
customize this any way you want." So,
you get automated stock research every
single morning. I have a competitor
research channel. So, what this does is
every morning at 7 a.m. as well, it goes
in, it finds me the top trending YouTube
videos on OpenClaw. I want to know the
moment any OpenClaw video on YouTube
goes viral. And this finds me every
video posted over the last 5 days that
are getting high amount of views per
hour. So we have 82 videos about
OpenClaw that have been posted the last
5 days on YouTube. And it ranks it in
order of views per hour. So I can go in
and see what kind of content is starting
to trend about Open Claw and Claude Code
and Vibe Coding and I can stay on top of
those trends and make sure I create
videos that are relevant to my viewers.
I even have an automated channel called
Daily Digest where it tells me every
single thing my agents have been doing
that day. So, what they've been focused
on, what they've created, what they're
waiting for me on, like what I have to
approve when it comes to scripts or
things to build out. It gives me an
entire rundown of everything they
completed that day. So, I know what my
agents are doing. And there's more to
it. I have direct lines to all my
agents. So, all my agents and sub
agents, you can see here, direct lines
to them. So I can open them up at any
time and talk to them directly. Charlie
is my coding agent. So this is my agent
just coding 24 hours a day. It is
constantly updating me on everything it
built. So it's in a Ralph loop,
constantly building things, creating
different features and functionality for
my SAS creator buddy, for different side
projects, for experimental projects, for
games, just so I can have fun, things
like that. It is constantly pinging me
in Discord with everything it's building
out so I can stay on top of it to make
sure it's productive. And then, and this
part's really important, I have a
section for all the major projects I'm
working on at the moment. So, what
you're probably doing at the moment is
you just have like one chat on Telegram
or WhatsApp where you just talk about
everything with your agent in that one
chat in that one channel. The issue with
that is is everything you're talking
about gets disorganized, right? Maybe it
creates documents, maybe it creates
artifacts, but now all those things are
just lost in that single stream chat.
Maybe you discuss an idea and then five
minutes later you come up with a new
idea and you jump over there and start
talking about that other idea and all of
a sudden everything you talked about
before gets lost. Not anymore. Now,
because I have channels for each project
and focus I have in my business, I'm
able to quickly go there and have a
complete history of everything I talked
about for that specific project. And
what it even does is it pins the
documents and research reports it
creates at the top of those channels. So
if you ever do something like ask it to
build an architecture diagram or come up
with a plan for you or something like
that now it's able to pin and organize
all those documents for you in one
place. Discord is such an amazing
operating system for your entire life
and it only becomes more powerful when
you mix in a multi- aent openclaw
workflow inside of it. So now I'm more
organized. I'm able to stay on top of my
agents that are actually building things
for me. And on top of it, I have all
these automated workflows that are
constantly producing value for me and
saving me tons of time. So, now that I
gave you a glimpse of what is possible,
let's talk about how to set this up. I'm
going to show you how to set a bunch of
the workflows I have that I just showed
you, it should give you a glimpse into
how you can set up any relevant
workflows that you have in your life.
Then, I'm going to answer a lot of the
other questions we talked about earlier,
like how much would this cost, what
model should you be using, things like
that. and then I'll go through some
exercises with you so you can find super
powerful workflows that are personal to
you that will help solve your specific
problems. So, let's go into the setup
itself. First of all, make sure you have
OpenClaw installed. I have entire videos
walking through getting OpenC installed.
So, if you don't have it installed,
check out a link down below for the
setup video. Once you do that, obviously
you need Discord installed, too. Inside
Discord, create your own private server.
So, mine is called Alex Finn Global
Enterprises. So, go in, create a new
server. Over on the lefth hand side, if
you scroll to the bottom, you just click
the plus sign and it creates a new
server for you. Give it a name. It's
just for you. It's not for anyone else.
Very critical. You do not let anyone
else come into your server. It is just
for you. Once you do that, you should
have a blank canvas inside your Discord.
No channels or anything. Now, we're
going to start setting this up with our
OpenClaw. The beautiful part about this
is your OpenClaw is able to handle a
vast majority of this setup itself. So,
all you need to do is say, "I want to
set you up in a Discord server so I can
communicate with you there. Please walk
me through getting you in as a bot in
Discord so I can communicate with you."
You hit enter on that and it's going to
start the process of getting it in
Discord. It's going to first add Discord
to its own config. Then from there, it's
going to walk through adding it as a bot
inside of Discord. This is the site it's
going to take you to, which is the
developer application site for Discord.
It's going to have you first create a
new application. This application is
going to be your bot. So, you're
basically going to be building a bot for
all your different AI agents. From
there, it's going to have you configure
different permissions. So, this will
walk you through it in your chat in
Telegram or WhatsApp or whatever you're
using and tell you exactly what
permissions to turn on. This should not
be complicated at all as long as you
follow precisely what your bot is saying
in Telegram step by step. So, it's going
to tell you which permissions to turn
on. It's going to tell you on this site
how to generate the token and then when
you generate the token on here, you give
it back to your bot and it's going to
initiate the bot for you inside of
Discord. Anytime you get confused or
anytime you don't know what's going on
or anytime it crashes, literally just go
to your bot and say, "Hey, this didn't
work for me or I'm not sure what to do
here. Where do I click?" It will tell
you exactly what to do. Never get
frustrated. Never get upset. anytime you
don't know what's happening. Just go to
your bot and say, "I don't know what's
happening. Help me out." And it will
tell you what to do. From there, your
bot will be connected and you will be
able to talk to it in Discord. So,
you'll probably have a channel directly
for your bot that you can talk to. Now,
you're in good shape. Now, you can start
setting up your different structure here
and your different workflows. The first
thing you probably want to set up that's
been the most helpful for me is the
different project channels. So, these
are a channel for every different
project you have. These are a few of the
things I'm focused on at the moment,
different things I'm building out. And
these are going to be projects where you
have like specific context for it, where
maybe you build a bunch of documents for
it or it's projects you come back to
quite often. You want channels
specifically for those projects. So,
here are some options for if you can't
think of any right now. Maybe you have
one for your career. Maybe you have one
for your personal life. You can have one
specifically for your Discord operating
system. If you're vibe coding and you're
building a ton of apps, make a channel
for each one of the apps you're building
out so you can come back and talk about
those things. What's incredible is in
each one of those channels that your bot
is in, it has full control over your
computer just like it normally would if
you're talking to it through WhatsApp or
Telegram. So you can say from these
channels, if you have like a vibe coding
channel, build this out from here, do
this for me. And it'll go and write code
on your computer just like it normally
would in Telegram. How do you set these
channels up? Really, really easily. You
come in, you say, "Hey, open claw or
whatever that your name is for your
claw. I want channels for each one of my
projects we are working on. Please build
out a channel in Discord for every major
project we are working on and make sure
I can communicate with you from each."
So, you can do it this way where you
kind of just lean on your OpenClaw to
figure out what the major projects
you're working on are. This is probably
the easiest way to do it. If you want to
be specific, you can do it that way as
well. But, I actually recommend this.
I'm going to put this down below for
you. that will set up your different
project channels for you, which is
really important. One of the core
components to everything I'm doing in
this Discord. It just allows you to be a
lot more organized than your single
stream chat that you have in Telegram or
WhatsApp. By the way, if you've learned
anything so far, make sure to leave a
like down below, subscribe, and turn on
notifications cuz all I do is create
amazing videos about AI and OpenClaw.
And make sure to check out the Vibe
Coding Academy. I do a live boot camp
every single week inside the Vibe Coding
Academy. You can come in, ask me
questions live, chat with me live. We
also have a ton of video series in there
as well. I go super in-depth on all
this. So, link for the Vibe Coding
Academy down below. Highly recommend it.
But next, let's talk about setting up
our advanced workflows like the ones I
showed you earlier around content and
research and all that. These can range
from simple to more advanced. I'll start
out with a couple of simple ones and get
your feet wet. Then, we'll get advanced
like that multi-channel content pipeline
I showed you earlier. I'm going to start
with the stock research automation. Even
if you're not interested in stocks, you
can use this to research stories or just
stay up to date on the news. So, this is
pretty important for everybody. What
you're going to want to do is go to your
direct agent line that was probably
originally set up. And then you're going
to want to describe what you want. So,
here's another prompt you can steal.
I'll put this down below as well. Please
build a new channel for me for stock
research. Every morning at 7 a.m.,
please build me a research report that
goes over important stocks involved with
the AI buildout. These should be stocks
that stand to benefit by AI being built
out more. They should also have
competitive advantages and strong modes.
These could be chips, energy, or any
other part of the supply chain. When you
hit send on that, your agent will go and
actually create these channels out. If
it doesn't have proper permissions for
this, it will ask you to go in and
change its permissioning so it can
create channels for you. And this will
do a few things. This will one create
the channel, but this will also two set
up a cron job for you. And basically
what this is is a scheduled task for you
every single morning. So I just added on
the end here, do this for 7 a.m. every
morning. And what's going to happen is
it will schedule at 7 a.m. every single
morning in perpetuity a sub agent that
it will spin up that will go and then
research online these exact
specifications. We put you know AI
companies that have modes and
competitive advantages. If you're not
interested in AI, that's fine. You can
change this to anything you want. If you
want to make this different crypto
coins, you can do that if you want. and
it'll research crypto coins for you.
Whatever you're interested in, it can do
that. If you're more just interested in
stories and news and you don't care
about stocks as much, you can say,
"Research all the latest news about
sports or whatever you're into," and it
will put it in here for you. And now you
have an automated research channel set
up. This is probably the simplest use
case you can set up. Let's get a little
bit more advanced, though. Let's talk
about doing content research or
competitive insights. So, I have this
competitor research channel that goes
and finds what my competitors are
posting about OpenCloth. And you can go
in and you can very simply say into your
chat in your main channel with your
agent. Please create a competitive
research channel for me that finds
YouTube videos from my competitors about
Vibe Coding and OpenClaw. Rank them by
trending. I want to find the newest
trending videos. Send it to me every
morning at 8:00 a.m. And this doesn't
even necessarily need to be competitive
research, right? This could just be if
you want to see what the latest Open
Claw videos are, you put that in there.
Or if you're more interested in sports,
find me the latest sports videos and put
in there. The latest basketball
highlights, whatever you need. This
isn't just for the specific use case I'm
showing. You can customize this any way
you want. And now this gets a little bit
more advanced because now what's going
to happen is it's probably going to ask
you for a YouTube API key. This is
completely free. Anyone can get this
quickly and put it in here. And what
that'll do is allow OpenClaw to actually
ping YouTube directly to get this video
information. It will walk you through
exactly how to do that. All you have to
do is go to a Google link, say generate
key, and copy and paste that in and
you'll be good to go. Your OpenClaw can
walk you through that much better than I
can because it'll know exactly what
you're doing on your screen. So again,
if you get stuck or confused at any
time, just say, "Hey, OpenClaw, I don't
know what's happening. Please help me
out." Don't be afraid to ask for help
from your OpenClaw. Now, let's get more
advanced. Let's talk about this multi-
channelannel workflow I got going on
where tweets are coming in from one
channel, then another channel is writing
scripts for me, and then another channel
is doing research. Let's build this out
step by step. So, you're going to go
back into your direct agent line with
your main agent here. Again, this prompt
will be down below. I want to set up a
multi- aent workflow in the Discord. I
want one channel where every morning an
agent gets spun up that researches
expost for trending content on OpenClaw.
Again, can be whatever you want. A half
hour after that, I want another sub
agent spun up that takes those tweets
and researches the stories behind them
and puts them in a research channel.
Then a half hour after that, have
another agent take those research
stories and create scripts for each that
I can approve that sends an indicator if
I like the script or not. This will have
your agent go and set up this
multi-channel system. It will set up
multiple channels here and then it will
also set up the cron jobs. What it's
also going to need from you is probably
a couple API keys. X is really locking
down their platform from bots. They do
not want bots crawling their site. And
so what you're going to need for this is
the X API key. If you're going to be
doing this based on exposts, you can get
an API key if you just search for X API.
It's pay as you go and it's pretty cheap
for every single tweet you pull. I'm not
spending that much money on it and I
think it's well worth it for the
research you can get out of it with
OpenCL. You plug that in and it will set
up its system where it will
automatically pull posts for you every
single morning. And your OpenClow will
also go and set up in those other
channels and schedule those other sub
agents to do each piece of this workflow
for you. Now, every morning you're going
to be woken up to pings of scripts being
written for you and content being
created for you. And even if you're not
a content creator, even if you're not
creating YouTube videos or posts or
whatever, you can still do different
things with this. One workflow I'm
setting up right now where you can steal
this from me and get a step ahead if
you'd like is actually taking these
research stories. So the same thing
happens. It takes the posts, then it
researches the stories, but instead of
writing YouTube scripts, it'll actually
build app prototypes for you. So imagine
this, your AI agents finding trending
stories and then finding challenges in
those stories and then just
automatically builds out prototypes for
those stories for you. Maybe there's a
trending tweet about Discord workflows.
Now, your agent will go and build a
prototype app out that maybe sets this
up automatically for people that you can
then turn around and go sell it to them.
Right now, there's new business lines
being set up for you. So, that's kind of
a even more advanced workflow I'm
currently setting up that you can steal
right now, which is doing research
online, finding trending stories, and
now you have a new channel where your AI
agents actually going and writing code
and building prototypes based on those
stories. That's my challenge to you to
set that up as well. From here, you can
do many things, right? You have a couple
automated workflows set up. Now, we can
do things like have direct agent lines.
I have a bunch of agents here. Some of
these are sub agents of Henry. Some of
these are actual full open claws. I
actually run three open claws because I
have two Mac Studios in a Mac Mini, but
you don't need to do that. But now you
can talk directly to your sub agent. So,
so if one of these sub agents like your
research sub agent like Echo for me, I
can go in and ask about specific stories
it wrote. Or maybe I have Quill who's
writing the scripts for me, I can go in
and give feedback about specific
scripts. You want to also set up direct
agent lines to each one of your agents
and sub agents as well. Again, as you
can guess, very easy. Go to your main
agent, go in and say, "I want to build
out direct agent line channels in this
Discord." And it will just set it up for
you. You will probably have to set up
new applications in Discord to set up
these individual bots. Again, it's gonna
be the same process you did before where
it walks you through the Discord site to
set up those bots. So, which model
should you be using for all this and how
much is this going to cost you? So,
there's two things you need to think
about. The muscles and the brains of
this operation. The brain's going to be
the orchestrator. This is the agent
you're talking to to build all this out.
And the muscles are going to be the sub
agents or the other agents that do the
dirty work. The best brain to use for
all this, the best orchestrator for
everything that's going on here is
Anthropic. It just is. Even though
they're doing a a few anti-consumer
things lately, cutting people off,
banning people, whatever it is, they
have the best model for openclaw brain.
It just is what it is. So, if you are
still on anthropic oath, I would use
that for the brain. I'm hearing from
some people, they're not able to set up
the OOTH anymore. It just simply does
not let them. If that is the case for
you, I'd highly recommend going to
ChatGpt. The Chat GBT models are still
crazy strong, crazy smart, not as
personable and warm as the anthropic
ones, but that's fine. They're still
very, very smart. And on top of that,
OpenAI is being very proconsumer and
encouraging you to use their OOTH with
Open Claw. So, you can very easily just
sign up for a $20 a month plan and use
Chad GBT. And thrive is going to cost
you $200 a month if you want full usage
out of it. So, it's the most expensive,
but it's the best. If you can't use it,
Chad GBT, you could probably get away
with the $20 plan, and if you need to
upgrade from there, if you really want
to save money, some of these cheaper
Chinese models are very strong as well
for a very good price. Kim K 2.5 is
probably the smartest Chinese model, but
you can also save a ton of money by
using Miniax 2.5. Those are probably the
two best Chinese models, and those are
going to be your best brains. Then
you're going to want to think about the
muscles. So the models actually doing
the work. From there, I would highly
recommend going cheaper. So going with
the cheaper Chinese models for that
because they're going to be doing a lot
of the dirty work. And as long as
there's a smart model overlooking it,
you don't need to get genius level for
the dirty work cuz the boss and the
manager is going to make sure it does
good work. The best option though and
what I think is the future of all of
this is local models. So, I have
Anthropic as my brain orchestrating
everything through the API, but then I
have local models doing all the dirty
work. And for those unaware, local
models are just AI models that don't run
in the cloud. We don't use an API to
talk to them. They run locally on device
on your own computer. I have three Mac
Studios in a Mac Mini just running local
models all day. This allows me to do a
lot more work basically for free just
for the cost of the energy. And that's
the advantage local models are going to
be able to give you is that they can
just run 247 365. No rate limits, no
cost. They just keep going and going and
going so you can get a lot of work done.
It just requires the cost of the
compute. So the cost of the Mac Studio.
You don't need to do this though. I
don't recommend just rushing into doing
this. I recommend using cloud API,
getting used to it, figuring out your
workflows, and then when you're ready
and want to make the jump to the local
world, you can then buy a computer from
there. You can still run local models
even if you're on a Mac Mini. They're
not going to be as smart, efficient, or
fast, but it's still cool to jump into
and have a local model running. A lot of
times, even if you're on the Mac Mini 16
GB, which is the cheapest one, you can
download Gemma, which is like a really,
really small cheap model that can manage
your memory for you. So, there's still
local models you can run even on Mac
minis. I'd ask your open claw about
it'll tell you exactly which Gemma model
to download and how to install it. So, I
showed you the models, which ones are
expensive, which ones are cheaper, and
what I think the end state would be. I
honestly think in the next 5 years,
we're all going to have compute on our
desk running models locally. So, I'm
preparing for that future now by buying
all these Mac Studios, but I think it'll
only get cheaper and easier over time.
And to be honest with you, you don't
need to rush into it if you don't want
to. Let's talk about devices you're
going to need for this. First of all,
you don't need to run out and buy a Mac
Mini or a Mac Studio. Just use any
device. Use anything except for a VPS.
VPS's will make this very difficult.
VPS's you're going to have to pay a lot
of money just to scale up to have the
memory to run multiple agents at one
time. I think VPS's are by far the worst
option for running OpenClaw in any
context or any capacity. Do not use a
VPS. Just have any device. I don't care
if it's an old crappy laptop you have.
Just take it out and run it. It's going
to give you a much better experience of
running OpenClaw. If you want to start
scaling up, the Mac Mini, I think, is
the best value in computing, bar none.
For only $600, you get an incredible
computer with one of the most powerful
chips in the world, the M4 or the M5
coming soon. You get tons of memory and
storage. You're in a really good spot.
If you have the cheapest Mac Mini there
is, you can do this entire workflow I
showed you. And if you want to get
really advanced, the Mac Studio, which
is what I have, allows you to run the
local models. So you can combine the
cloud models and the local models to do
a whole bunch of really amazing
workflows at once. These are my
recommendations. Basically anything
except for a VPS is what I recommend. So
some security measures, basically the
crux of all security advice I can give
when it comes to this workflow is not
letting anyone get involved with this
workflow. What does that mean? Do not
let anyone into your Discord server.
Don't let friends, family, anything into
this Discord server. Your agent has
complete access to your entire digital
life. If someone gets access to your
Discord server, they basically have
control over your entire digital life.
They can do anything at all. Do not let
anyone else into your Discord server.
Don't put these bots in other Discord
servers. Don't give other people access.
Keep this completely private to
yourself. And do not make workflows
where these agents have any sort of
right access to your digital
communication channels. You don't want
it spinning up emails on the fly
automatically and autonomously. You
don't want to have it sending text
messages. There's a lot of risks with
that. You just don't want to get that
involved. So, keep it personal. Keep it
private. Don't let anyone else get
involved. Have it doing work locally on
your computer. Don't have it
autonomously sending out emails and
messages just yet. These are going to be
the biggest piece of security advice I
can give. And also, always stay up
todate on your OpenClaw versions. They
are constantly adding in new security
features. So stay up to date on your
OpenClaw. Next, let's talk about finding
your own use cases. I showed you my use
cases. I showed you how to set it up. I
showed you everything you need to do for
my use cases. But this is the most
important part. This is about finding
custom use cases just for you. I make a
lot of tutorial videos. I show you
everything I do. I show you how to set
it all up. But the thing is, if you just
copy everything I do, you're not going
to get the most out of OpenClaw.
OpenClaw is the most incredible personal
operating system in the entire world.
And if all you do is just copy me,
you're not going to get the most out of
it. You want use cases that are custom
for you. But how do you find use cases
that are custom for you? Well, if you've
seen a lot of my videos before, this
will not come as surprise to you, but
it's still the most important thing in
the world, and that is reverse
prompting. Steal this reverse prompt.
based on everything you know about me,
my goals, my ambitions, and workflows
we've done in the past. What are some
advanced multi- aent automations we can
create in Discord? You hit enter on
that. That's a reverse prompt. That's
you asking your AI what you can do.
That's you asking your AI what is
possible. That's going to come up with
some incredible workflows for you to
implement in Discord. You choose a
couple of those workflows. You have it
implemented. It does it for you. You're
all set up and you're good to go. Steal
that reverse prompt. I put it down
below. It's the most important part of
the video. It's the most important thing
you can do because it will find custom
workflows for you. And that should get
the spark going in your head of other
things you can set up and do. Very
critical. Do that immediately. As you do
this and as you go, your bot's going to
come up with different ways to set up
these complex systems with multiple AI
agents using different models, things
like that. So for instance, even though
anthropic is my brain, it is spinning up
codecs and the chat GPT API to do some
of the advanced coding work. It's using
my local models for other. So make sure
when you do this, you ask, what are ways
we can use multiple agents to do this?
What are some ways you can use sub
agents and other agents to do a lot of
these workflows we set up? And it will
start spinning up these other agents
that will be doing the work for you. It
will create the channels, have you
create the bots, and you will now have
multiple agents doing a lot of this
work. It really is dependent though on
the workflows you're doing, right? So,
Quill is my script writer. You might not
need a script writing AI agent. It would
be silly for you to set up a script
writing AI agent if you're not writing
YouTube scripts, right? So, depending on
what workflows you come up with from
that last reverse prompt, ask which sub
agents would be helpful for your main
agent to spin up to do this extra work.
The next thing I want to talk about is
mission control and your custom
dashboard that you can make. So that
again, this is a little bit more
advanced. I'll also say this, I've been
teasing it for a while and people in the
comments keep demanding it. I will do a
full deep dive mission control video
next. That will be my next video unless
some breaking news happens. I have to
talk about the breaking news. But my
next openclaw deep dive video will be
mission control. You can also make an
agent dashboard inside your mission
control to monitor what all your agents
are doing in Discord. As you can see
here, I see all my agents I have working
at the moment. Most of them are idle.
Violet is working on doing some research
on my Mac Mini off a local model, but
you can see a live activity feed of
everything going on here. And this is a
really good way to track what your
agents are doing, what they're up to,
see the amount of events going on, see
who's the most active agent, understand
the amount of tasks completed, so you
understand their efficiency. This is all
in my mission control. All you need to
do to set this up is you go to your open
claw and you say, "Hey, I want a
dashboard that you can build that shows
me every agent working inside of mission
control. I want to see every agent in
our Discord. I want to see the tasks
they're doing, and I want an activity
feed. please build this for me. Your
agent will go and build this out. It
will launch it for you and walk you
through how to do it and you can
completely customize it. You want to
make it look different, go to your
agent, say, "Make it look different."
You want to add an activity feed, say,
"Hey, please build an activity feed." It
will vibe code everything for you. This
is not complicated. This is not complex.
If you want something, ask your agent
for it. Doesn't matter if you don't know
how to do it. Your agent will figure it
out. It's super intelligent. So,
building an agent dashboard inside your
mission control very, very cool as well.
If you want the full mission control
deep dive, make sure to subscribe and
turn on notifications. So the moment I
do it, it's available. I also did an
entire boot camp on mission control last
week, a 2hour mission control boot camp
inside the Vibe Coding Academy. You sign
up now, you get instant access to that.
But that was the my entire automated
Discord workflow. I showed you all the
channels. I showed you all the automated
workflows. I showed you all the
projects. Everything how it was set up.
It is the most powerful way to build a
multi- aent automated workflow in the
entire game. It is incredible. And my
entire workflow all goes through Discord
now, which I never thought I'd be saying
because before this, I literally hated
Discord. I hope this was helpful. Let me
know down below what you want my next
video about OpenClaw to be about. It's
going to be mission control, but I'll
read the comments and make the next one
about whatever the most requested
comment is. Hope this was helpful. I
absolutely love making these videos for
you guys. It is the most fun part of my
week. Thank you for all your support and
everything you've done for me.